v0.3.0 release (#28)
fhunleth/bmp280: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.3.0

* New features
  * Stable basic gas support

* API changes
  * none

* Improvements
  * Restructure internal code organization.

>   * Change the ambient temperature value from `30` to `25`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Change ambient temperature estimate from `30 C` to `25 C` for setting up gas measurements
```

It feels important to mention that this affects gas measurements only.
